this 2015 enjoys the festival
international May 5 in Puebla del 5
to May 24 puebla celebrates with
activities of great artistic quality
to the delight of the poblano public the most
varied expressions of art will give life
to various scenarios in Puebla capital
cultural excellence for comfort
of the families of Puebla
of the international festival May 5
will develop mainly from Thursday to
Sunday being all free
activities that will be offered throughout
of three weekends
puebla receives a thousand artists from
from mexico united states-cuba argentina
Brazil Spain Czech Republic Kingdom
united france ukraine poland and japan
who will share their talent in this
artistic platform of enormous tradition
in the entity as a preamble to the festival
and in collaboration with the secretariat of
national defense and the secretariat of
marina- the traditional
civic-military parade of the battle of
this year more than six thousand poblanos
remember the heroic deed with the
participation of 2,332 members of
music bands 1991 students of
various contingents 1,318 effective
military 450 representatives of various
ethnic groups of the state and 150 charros at
civic-military parade May 5
18 allegorical cars that give
account of glorious moments of the
history of mexico and that show the
cultural richness of this country result
of the collaboration with the sedena
village will exhibit in the ecological park
the exhibition armed forces passion for
serve mexico where they show
aircraft vehicles and boats
used by the armed forces in the
centennial framework of the air force
mexicana the celebrations of this day
they also integrate the concert
memorial in which the philharmonic
will perform the cantata May 5 in the
auditorium of the reform in this 2015 to
the forums of great tradition within the
festival is added new spaces that
they have renovated the cultural infrastructure
from puebla the metropolitan auditorium of
puebla receives from Spain
vivancos in this same scenario
presents the Argentine phyto singer-songwriter
paez for the children of Puebla on weekends
of the week will be an excellent
opportunity to enjoy in the park
from childhood poblana both gold levita
process 4 rhizome and roll
in the scenarios of great tradition as
the auditorium of the reform is received in
various musical genres music
Classical with the Philharmonic May 5
jazz with the presence of cyrus set
directly from the unconscious and
salsa by the bam bam from Cuba
in the zócalo of the city highlight of
classic booster without the kingdom henry
united as well as from mexico the concert of
the tri with the philharmonic May 5 in
the main theater the company of
Greco theater will offer its most recent
production also presents the work a
world without skirts in charge of the company
theater for the visual weak the festival
International May 5 has for
second time to a guest state
reason why various scenarios
from the capital will show the offer
gastronomic and cultural artistic
coahuila based in house of culture of
people in other scenarios are presented
ramón saadi and the camerata de coahuila el
organist being jáuregui
exhibition the favorite the sarape
Saltillo to be exhibited in San Pedro
art museum like every year the
coexistence of local artists with
national and international creators
will be the constant in the celebrations of 5
May in town this diverse offer
cultural and artistic is totally
free for the whole family from 5 to
May 24 international festival 5 of
may in town